I am soon going to ask you to implement
a polynomial solver to generate Jerk minimizing trajectories.
But first, I want to show you how it's being used.
Let's consider the S coordinates first.
As an input, it takes the current vehicle state,
the goal state, and the duration.
And as an output,
it will generate six coefficients,
which uniquely define the polynomial that describes the longitudinal trajectory.
Similarly, we feed input parameters to
our solver regarding lateral configurations and compute the lateral trajectory.
We can use this approach in a situation like this one,
you have traffic and a self-driving car.
And let's say that the requested behavior is to pass the vehicle in front of us.
With polynomial trajectory generation,
we take the current configuration of the car along with
its velocity and acceleration as our start state.
And then we specify a valid goal state that leads our vehicle in the other lane.
We ship these states into our polynomial solver
along with the desired duration that will allow for the maneuver.
And we get a Jerk minimizing trajectory to the goal.